I said, baby Nisi,
When do you still have the time to be together?
Give him trouble, he won't come.
If you can endure it until now, you will be more prepared to meet the next situation.
No, you have to give us an explanation today,
Please also hand over handsome hard. words to say,
No, it's not a war with substitute soldiers.
What explanation do you want? We cannot surrender lives like those in Xinjiang.
If I leave it in the hands of someone like you, please give it a handsome hand.
I said I won't pay, so I'll wait and resist the military order.
You know the consequences of resisting military orders,
Even if you go, I'll wait for the top of the head,
We will not take away the lost lives,
right on your arm
I'm going to give you some kind of poison.
After today's battle
I am able to bring prosperity to all 130,000 people
Please sit down if you can't sit down
I automatically handed over to Shuai Yi
Should we be in front of something like this from Xishang?
Kneel down and head motivation
Start dreaming
That's your way of playing
He can also rape everyone on earth
It’s all just for the so-called door
I seem to see a cow flying in the sky
I will ask you if you are poisonous.